
Running software (development)
	ActiveMQ 5
		ActiveMQ is an open sourced implementation of JMS 1.1 as part of the J2EE 1.4 specification.		
	Jetty 7	
		Jetty provides an HTTP server, HTTP client, and javax.servlet container. 
		These components are open source and available for commercial use and distribution.
		
		Jetty is used as an embedded servlet container inside of activemq. See jetty.xml
		 
	Derby
		Apache derby is an open source embedded relational database.

Running Software (production)
	ActiveMQ 5
		ActiveMQ is an open sourced implementation of JMS 1.1 as part of the J2EE 1.4 specification.	
	Jetty 7	
		Jetty provides an HTTP server, HTTP client, and javax.servlet container. 
		These components are open source and available for commercial use and distribution.
		
		Jetty is used as an embedded servlet container inside of activemq. See jetty.xml
	MySQL 5	
		MySQL is a relational database management system (RDBMS) that runs as a server providing multi-user access to a number of databases.

Supported building software:	
	Maven2
		Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool.
	Maven3
		Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool.
	
Java Libraries:
	OGNL
		OGNL stands for Object-Graph Navigation Language; it is an expression language for getting and setting properties of Java objects. 
	Camel
		Apache Camel is a rule-based routing and mediation 
		engine which provides a Java object based implementation of the 
		Enterprise Integration Patterns using an API (or declarative Java Domain Specific Language) to configure routing and mediation rules.		
	Spring 
		The Spring Framework is an open source application framework for the Java platform
	PDFBox
		Apache PDFBox is an open source Java PDF library for working with PDF documents.
	IText
		iText is a library that allows you to create and manipulate PDF documents.
	Hibernate
		Hibernate an open source Java persistence framework project.
	JPA
		The Java Persistence API, sometimes referred to as JPA, is a Java programming language 
		framework managing relational data in applications using Java.
	Apache Commons
		Collection of open source reusable Java components from the Apache/Jakarta community.
	Sitemesh
		SiteMesh is a web-page layout and decoration framework and web- application integration framework to aid in creating large 
		sites consisting of many pages for which a consistent look/feel, navigation and layout scheme is required.
      
Javascript Libraries:
	Jquery
		jQuery is a lightweight cross-browser JavaScript library that emphasizes interaction between JavaScript and HTML.     

